---
layout: post
title: "New Year update"
date: 2017-01-24
---

# Introduction

I am currently sitting in an airport waiting for my flight, which gives me sometime for a quick update and thoughts on updating this little place of ruminaiton and self advertising. First of all, a quick status report: 2016 has been a busy year for me. I've been to more countries in a year than any previous years. These include: Taiwan, Vietnam, USA, Canada, Japan (twice), and the South Island (not quite anoter country). The downside of all these travel is that I had less time to sit down to think and write. My efforts for mobile office has been only partially successful, when there are no internet reception or having on-site engagements that take higher precidence than spending time on the computer.

# Highlights (work in progress)

## STAMPS workshop

Strategies and Techniques for Analyzing Microbial Population Structures (STAMPS) is a workshop held at the [Marine Biology Laboratory at Woods Hole](http://www.mbl.edu/education/courses/stamps/) every year. I was very lucky to get in to the 2016 class. I took an abundance of notes, I hope to review them and provide a condensed version here.

## ISME16

The 16th International Symposium on Microbial Ecology (ISME16) held by the International Society for Microbial Ecology (ISME) was in Montréal, a week after the STAMPS workshop. Similar to STAMPS, I plan to write about it as well.

## Kanazawa
Hosted by the warm hospitality of Kanazawa University, I went to the beautiful city in Japan in Spring and Winter. I got really sick the second time.

# Housekeeping
## Archival Posts
I will try and integrate previous work notebook into this Github page. They may need some cleanup and sanitisation, but I hope they should not cause much confusion if I tag them using older timestamps.

## Better laout
This is the fastest minimalist template I found. Does anyone have a good alternative recommendation?
